A Excuse me . ad
A I'm afraid you're in my seat . sd
A You've moved my books . sd
B Oh , dear . ba
A You must have realized somebody was here . qy^d
B Oh , well , I looked around . na
B There wasn't any other space . sd
B I waited a while and nobody came . sd
B I'm sorry if I've taken your place . fa

A Could I see the manager please ? ^q
A I have a complaint to make . ^q
B Yes , I ’ m the manager here . ^q
B What can I do for you , Madam ? qw
A Did you have the room checked before we move in ? qy
B Which room are you in ? qw
A 1808 . sd
A The toilet doesn ’ t work properly , the water doesn ’ t run in the shower . sd
B I ’ m awfully sorry to hear that . sd
B I ’ ll turn to it right away . sd

A Congratulations , Vivian . sd
A You won the grand prize , again . sd
B Isn't it just great ! ba
B I just knew I'd win ! sd
A You did ? bh
A How ? qw
A Did you wear red underwear again this year ? qy
B Not only that ! ng
A Tell me ! ad
A Tell me ! ad
A What's your secret ? qw
A ! %
B OK , OK . b
B I'll whisper it to you , but you have to promise not to tell anyone ! sd
A What ? qw
A ! %
A You did that ? qy
A ? ^g
A ! ba
A ! ba
A ! ba

A We are going to the concert this evening . ^q
A Will you join us . ^q
B I'm very sorry I can't . fa
A Why not ? bd
B I've been snowed under with since my bosses away on business . sd

A You'v been work here for nearly a month , how do you feel about the job ? qo
B Not bad.Thank you for your help . sv
B I am always busy with this job , I feel a bit tired . sd
A I had the same feeling when I first came to work here . sd
A but after a period of time , I feel better , I am sure you ' ll get used to this busy job . sd
B I also feel that work efficiency here is very high . sd
B and you have strong working ability and professional skill , it seems that you know all , that's really wonderful ! sv
A You know the phrase , the survival the fittest . sv
A We have no choices . sv
B That's right , I have to work hard . sv

A The music is on.May I have the pleasure to dance with you ? fc
B Sorry , I'm engaged for the foxtrot.Will the next Walls be all right ? fc
A Certainly . fc

A Excuse me , is this seat taken ? br
B No , please feel free . aa
A Thanks a lot . ft
B Do you work in Shanghai ? qy
A Yes I do . na
A How about you ? qo
B No , I'm a tourist . sd
B This place is amazing ! ba
B It's much bigger than I imagined , and much more exciting ! sd
B There's so much to see here . sd
A You can say that again ! ba
A It's much more modern than people imagine . sv
A Where are you from ? qw
B Um , well let's see ... ^h
B I'm from Kansas originally . sd
B A much quieter and more peaceful place than here , that's for sure ! sd
A Uh huh ... b

A Look at this headline , Soo Mi . sd
B Wow ! ba
B So many people in the United States get divorced ! sd
A Is it the same in Korea ? qy
B I don't think so . ng
B In Korea some marriages break up , but most couples stay together . sd
A Do people get married young ? qy
B Not really . ng
B Very few people get married beforethe age of 20 . sd
A Hmm . b
A Do women usually work after they get married ? qy
B No , a lot of women stay home and take care of their families . sv
B But some work . sv

A Boy ! ba
A What a beauty ! ba
A I fall in love with her at the first sight . sd
B The beauty under the tree ? ^2
A Of course.No girl is more charming . aa
B She is a young man ! ba

A Excuse me.Where do I register ? qw
B Oh , over there in Pacific Pavilion . sd
A Is that the large , white building ? qy
B Yeah , that's it . aa
A Thanks . ft

A How was your education going on in Australia ? qw
B I'm going to graduate this summer . sd
A Where are you going to work then , in Australia or back in China ? qw
B I'm planning to return to China after graduation . sd
A Why are you choosing to leave a foreign country ? qw
A Many people are reluctant to leave the superior living environment abroad . sv
B Well , I think personal development is much more important than simply having a superior living environment . sv
A Yeah , China's developing so fast and development opportunities can be found almost in every corner of the country . sv

A Do you have any particular hobbies , Tom ? qy
B Oh , yes . ny
B I love playing badminton , table tennis and computer games . sd
B And playing the games has become my favorite . sd
A I hear many teenagers will spend hours and hours sitting at computers . sd
A And they don't care about their own health at all . sd
A How about you ? qo
B I'm no better than them . sv
B They say it's mindless to sit in front of a machine all the time , but I think it's stimulating . sv
A You won't play online games full of violence , will you ? qy
B Once in a while . na
A It's no good . ba
A And I think spending several hours each day playing computer games is a waste of time . sd
A You might as well do something healthy and meaningful . sd
B I hope I can practice self-control again . sd

A Who's that old lady trimming the trees ? qw
B She's my grandma . sd
A She's looks very healthy.How old is she ? qw
B 92 . b^m

A I'm going to Japan this year on vacation . sd
B Have you ever been to America ? qy
A No , but I'd really like to . sd
B You'd like it . sd

A Hey , Mark , long time no see . ba
B Julie ! ba
B It's good to see you again . sv
B How have you been ? qw
A Great . ba
A I just got back from a week's vacation in Thailand . sd
B Really ? bh
B How was it ? qw
A Fantastic ! ba
A I didn't want to come back . sd
B I hear the beaches in Thailand are beautiful . sd
A They are . sd
A And not only that the people are friendly , but also the food is delicious , not to mention cheap . sd
B I do like Thai food . sd
B Did you see much of Bangkok ? qy
A Not much . ng
A I've got enough city life in Beijing . sd
B I know what you mean . sd
B I could use a vacation myself . sd
A Hey , wouldn't it be great if we could go to Thailand together sometime ? sv
B Yeah , it sure would . aa

